or the low everything will be shared this
always with android this kind of
pending the issue of control of
music with the headphones button
tell you about the hayes a control headset
sorry and with him you could do as
less raise the volume because the
latest android versions from
4.0 if I'm not wrong with the ice cream
sandwich and the living
if we left to press button of the
hearing aids we opened the google now
so that's why we're going to the
keep the button pressed tight clicks and
keep in a forum post hobby
puntocom talked about this application
droid headset
we will arrive
we go down and here in the option that
says 'google cn' out picks that is
google fix needs root so
Alternate rooteado have of him we press
we would mark it ask us for permission
root superuser
and he will leave a warning that there will be
restart for it to work and I what
I have done so I do not have it
do
to see the application is in English as
you see
there are many options we have
dgc with me with li
utility
a lot of options that has not either
been of all we can protection of the
auditory
then there is a volume option reset
that we configure configure the volume
reset and it's starting to go down to 30% and
start this we can configure the
score that we have sound then the
delay is to say the milliseconds of
double click click and keep
but what really interests us are
button actions we give a button actions
and we have single click I have and if it is
with play or pause to show the music or
stop it and if they call us it would answer
and hang up call with double click we have
next song or hang or mute
the microphone
that is to say if they call us we would cancel the
called that is to say we would place what
we would take and if we are in a
conversation is that we would do the
mic with three clicks would be the
previous song
call to repeat it would be re call
with four clicks I have put thanks
to an application with click and keep
we have volume for down
I recommend putting with just one click and
keep it volume volume down
that is to say volume less because there are many
times that in this application it has not
passed almost but in the other in the james
control ats grallaba android stays
tight and if we have volume towards
up we are going up the volume and
we can lower the smoke a
roll with double click and keep I have the
Volume up and triple click
in keeping I have the fast forward but
I really do not use it
if we had a headset is
part of a single button had several
buttons ie the play button or
take call and the one from backwards and
forward
that is to say song make the situation
forward we could configure it for
each button a lot of options like
You see here just like I said for the
normal button in my case did I have a
button
with actions
and answer a call what you
I was saying before I put it next it's
say that with one click take the call
with one click it hangs with double click
we do not reject the call and all these
Call options is the biggest either
I touched it never just me what
would configure would be what you already have
if we are going to check if there are conflicts
there are conflicts with no other
application and service
and now it would work we will start
use it for you to see it I will make a
click to start the music
by double clicking for the mega
I'm going to triple- click so that
move the same forward
I'm going to turn up volume
I'm going to lower the volume
as you see all this I simply do
with the hearing aid 5 the button that leads to
the helmets all this is done
application has payment keys you want
know if it enters to check that
it works on your device and then
If it works and you like it, you can
decide whether to buy the paid version and
good we are to this video and so leave
I like it, I told the channel to leave the
comments what you want a up
then